This assumes notes from LLI story for title, byline. Note the added
"photo" line to create the photo byline. Last line (text story/photos no
longer necessary).

**{{% meta_info info_type="title" %}}**"*Hilos en Común*"  (Common
Threads) - A Collection of Stories and Quilts WOW ! !**{{% /meta_info
%}}**

**{{% meta_info info_type="byline" %}}**Linda Bradley**{{%
/meta_info %}}**

**{{% meta_info info_type="photo" %}}**Mary Rouse**{{% /meta_info
%}}**

In 2012, the exhibit *Los Hilos de la Vida* (Threads of Life) traveled
from Northern California to the Virginia Quilt Museum in Harrisonburg.
This exhibit, exploding with color and texture, told the stories of
immigrant women. Inspired by this exhibit, a few local women began
conversations about the possibility of such a group existing here in
Harrisonburg. In 2013, with the help of NewBridges Immigrant Resource
Center, *Hilo en* *Común* (Common Threads) was born.

Adding the gallery consists of giving it a name ('Hilos') and adding a
folder containing the photos to the system. Another file is required to
describe how to manage the gallery -- not described here -- presume Sam
will initially handle and then Colleen.

**{{% gallery Hilos %}}**

More than the name of a group, *Hilos en* *Común* is a platform that
gives voice to immigrant women. It is a safe community where personal,
vulnerable, and powerful stories are shared and expressed through
textiles revealing the creativity, strength, dreams, resilience, love,
and faith of these immigrant women. It is also a place of learning new
skills -- machine sewing, hand sewing, quilting, surface embellishment,
fabric manipulation, imaginative design, and language.

The result is an absolutely stunning exhibit of quilts being displayed
at the Smith House Galleries on South Main Street in Harrisonburg
through July 30.  The show opened on July 2 with many of the local
immigrant "stitchery creators" in attendance and a very appreciative
gathering of amazed folks from far and wide. 

This exhibit will be open on W, TH, F from 11-4 through July 30.  Mary
Rouse, one of our Sunnyside residents, will be hosting on Thursdays.

Here is a comment from one quilter, Udelia, describing her quilt "My
Autumn Is Spring": *"When I turned 50, I gave thanks. While looking at
myself in the mirror, I faced many feelings about the traces on my face
from the years I have lived. I saw a bit of everything, and I thought,
'Whatever may come, my soul will never age, because the spring of my
life must brighten the autumn of my life that goes on.'"*

And a comment from Norys about her quilt, "Gyros": "Our steps always
take us to a better place in our journey. The leaves are steps, the
circles our dreams/destinations, the black and white background our
fears and doubts."

Please come and see this marvelous exhibit for yourself!

**{{% disposition post_date="01/01/1001" %}}**
